readme.md, before:

Based on [http://www.kongregate.com/games/preecep/desktop-tower-defense](http://www.kongregate.com/games/preecep/desktop-tower-defense).


Try it out here: [http://nbpt.eu/games/tower_defense/](http://nbpt.eu/games/tower_defense/)


Maps
====

- `easy`:
    - 20 waves
    - 1 lane

- `medium`:
    - 50 waves
    - 2 lanes

- `hard`:
    - 60 waves
    - 2 lanes
    - with some obstacles


Keyboard Shortcuts
==================


- `1` -- Select `basic tower`.
- `2` -- Select `fast tower`.
- `3` -- Select `rocket tower`.
- `4` -- select `frost tower`.
- `5` -- Select `anti-air tower`.
- `6` -- Select `bash tower`.
- `n` -- `N`ext wave.
- `u` -- `U`pgrade selected tower.
- `s` -- `S`ell selected tower.


Libraries
=========

- [http://jquery.com/](http://jquery.com/) -- 2.1
- [http://createjs.com/](http://createjs.com/)
    - easeljs -- 0.7
    - preloadjs -- 0.4
- [https://bitbucket.org/drk4/javascript_utilities](https://bitbucket.org/drk4/javascript_utilities) -- 1.8

Commit message:

- reduce the gold increase rate of the maps - reduce the initial wave count of the spawn unit - update readme with the mouse functionality - when forcing the next wave to start     - fix, have the same code for when its called from the keyboard shortcut, or the mouse click     - fix, add the mouse click event to the parent element (not the span) - don't allow to sell a tower when its upgrading, or upgrade a tower when its selling - have the spawned units health depend on the number of spawned units

readme.md, after:

Based on [http://www.kongregate.com/games/preecep/desktop-tower-defense](http://www.kongregate.com/games/preecep/desktop-tower-defense).


Try it out here: [http://nbpt.eu/games/tower_defense/](http://nbpt.eu/games/tower_defense/)


Maps
====

- `easy`:
    - 20 waves
    - 1 lane

- `medium`:
    - 50 waves
    - 2 lanes

- `hard`:
    - 60 waves
    - 2 lanes
    - with some obstacles


Keyboard Shortcuts
==================


- `1` -- Select `basic tower`.
- `2` -- Select `fast tower`.
- `3` -- Select `rocket tower`.
- `4` -- select `frost tower`.
- `5` -- Select `anti-air tower`.
- `6` -- Select `bash tower`.
- `n` -- `N`ext wave.
- `u` -- `U`pgrade selected tower.
- `s` -- `S`ell selected tower.


Mouse
=====

- `left click` -- Add a tower on the highlighted position. Can be used to select a tower as well.
- `right click` -- Remove the tower currently under the mouse.


Libraries
=========

- [http://jquery.com/](http://jquery.com/) -- 2.1
- [http://createjs.com/](http://createjs.com/)
    - easeljs -- 0.7
    - preloadjs -- 0.4
- [https://bitbucket.org/drk4/javascript_utilities](https://bitbucket.org/drk4/javascript_utilities) -- 1.8
